Creating a website from scratch is a three-fold creative endeavor. As a longtime author, I have always appreciated the creative aspects of the literal writing content on a website. It was not until I coded my own portfolio for this project that I could appreciate the creative aspects of visual design and coding itself. For the majority of this project, I had kept all the visual design as simple as it could be. That meant a gross color clash of salmon, green, and yellow awaited me every time I refreshed my page and checked if the code worked. The very last thing I did after getting all the content and links working as intended was update the visual design. Even though the content was the same, just changing the whole thing to the current grey-blue-black color scheme made everything look so much more appealing. At least, to me. I'm sure everyone has their own opinions on this.

I said that it wasn't until this project that I could appreciate the creativity in coding. I've had a small bias against coders as people who are closer to robots than, well, people. But there is a sort of freedom in coding that's similar to playing with Legos or a musical instrument. It was quite satisfying to go from nothing to making a webpage that looked good. I started by using the Bootstrap Navbar code, and copy-pasted my customization of said Navbar into my three webpages. I then immediately linked the three pages together, committed, pushed, and made sure that the pages linked as intended when the website was live. That was a very satisfying feeling. From nothing to three linked pages.

Though the index.html file is my "About Me" page, I first fully coded the "Contact" page because it was the simplest in design. Just needed a basic understanding of how the Bootstrap Form component worked. I then moved to the Portfolio because, though it looked intimidating, it was easy to understand what to do in order to code it to look like how the screenshots looked. I started by just throwing placeholder photos in the place of the five pictures that the screenshots modeled. When I got the spacing as I wanted through column spacing on Bootstrap, I went back and added photos and links to actual portfolio pieces. I chose the stuff I'm most proud of authoring. And also my book. I coded my "About Me" page last because I overestimated how hard floating the image to the left was going to be. I also overestimated how hard it ended up being to write two paragraphs about myself once I started. Kinda like how I didn't expect this Readme to go on this long.

As I said earlier, it wasn't until I finished all my content that I played around with the fonts and colors on the pages. Gray just looks good as a website color. And yet when I try wearing "cool grey shirts and pants" around in Seattle, people make fun of me! You can't win. I think I've rambled long enough. I was asked to provide a link to the live webpage,so, here you go:

https://pungry.github.io/react-portfolio/

There is a screenshot of the live website attached to this repository, as well. It takes up over 100x more space than the three pages of the website. Somehow.